#1039: Added overwriteables templates for flow pdfs (#315)
itk-dev/os2forms_selvbetjening: web/themes/custom/os2forms_selvbetjening_theme/README.md

# selvbetjening.aarhuskommune.dk

## PDF templates

> To override PDF templates sent via Digital Post, we have added
> `os2forms-attachment--webform-submission.html.twig` and
> `os2forms-selvbetjening-maestro-notification-pdf-html.html.twig`
> to overwrite os2forms attachment and maestro notification (pdf) html
> respectively.

Reviewer: I find this sentence hard to read (and understand). It uses both “override” and “overwrite” and I think the meaning is

```suggestion
Two templates, `os2forms-attachment--webform-submission.html.twig` and
`os2forms-selvbetjening-maestro-notification-pdf-html.html.twig`, are used to render os2forms attachment and maestro notification (pdf) html,
respectively (the templates are used to render PDF files sent as Digital post).
```

The maestro notification pdf template should be configured on
`admin/config/system/os2forms_forloeb` as

```sh
themes/custom/os2forms_selvbetjening_theme/templates/pdf/os2forms-selvbetjening-maestro-notification-pdf-html.html.twig

> ```

Reviewer: Can we do this in `settings.local.php`?

Author: Yep, updated with docs explaining this.

whereas the os2forms attachment template automatically should be used.

To allow usage of a common stylesheet in the two templates you
must configure `base_url` in `settings.local.php`

```php
$settings['base_url'] = 'http://nginx:8080';

> ```

Author: Reworded.

themes/custom/os2forms_selvbetjening_theme/templates/pdf/os2forms-selvbetjening-maestro-notification-pdf-html.html.twig
```

or in `settings.local.php` as

```sh
$config['os2forms_forloeb.settings']['templates']['notification_pdf'] = 'themes/custom/os2forms_selvbetjening_theme/templates/pdf/os2forms-selvbetjening-maestro-notification-pdf-html.html.twig';
```

> 

Reviewer: `settings.local.php` should be used for local (custom/non-default) settings (overriding `settings.php`), so if this can be set in `settings.php` (and we know it can) and it makes sense to set a default value, we should set it (in `settings.php`).

whereas the os2forms attachment template automatically should be used.

To allow usage of a common stylesheet in the two templates you

> can configure `base_url` in `settings.local.php`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can override the default value (see `settings.php`) in `settings.local.php`:
```
